In this video I’m going to show you how
hide our Javascript files from appearing in
the editor.
So when we’re compiling our typescript code,
we get 2 new files created for each one of
our typescript files that we don’t ever
actually use or edit.
These are the .js files and the .map.js files.
The process of hiding these files works in
a variety of text editors.
But since I’m using sublime text, I’m
going to show you how to do it just for my
editor.
So first we need to save our project.
I’ll navigate into the packages folder of
my sublime text and then save the project
with the name noJS.
Then once saved, I’ll click on this edit
project link.
This will take you to a file where you can
edit the preferences so that it only affects
this particular project.
So I just needed to add in this excludes patterns
and then specify an array of files that I
want to exclude.
Now once I save the file, you can see all
of our .js and .js.map files have been removed
just from the editor.